So now we are going to start testing the rack based system that we have got over here using our Visual
Studio Code.
But in order to start doing that using ragas, the first thing which we need to do over here is we need
to have a document store, which is going to have all the documents, like a PDF file, which can be
storing the information on a vector database.
And then we need to retrieve the database data from here.
And we also need embedding while we store the data into the vector database.
You remember all these details we already discussed in our earlier sections of this course.
So please make sure that you have already gone through the section which is going to be, I guess this
one, like building the rag with the documents over here where we discussed how we we do all those things
over there.
So that is the foundation of what we are going to be doing in this particular section as well.
But guess what?
This time, just for simplicity, like additional simplicity purpose, I'm not going to use any external
PDF file, which is something that I need to extract and things just to get a sense that the Rag system
can be tested using ragas.
Using the evaluation, I am going to be creating a doc just like a structure of the document with the
page contents.
And then I'm also going to create some reference questions and stuff, and then we can just use that
particular doc over here for evaluating.
So that is what is the whole idea in this particular lectures.
And couple of them.
And then following that we're also going to test our own rag that we have built with this particular
chroma lang DB that we have got over here.
We're going to test this as well.
So it is going to be interesting to see how our evaluation really works.
So we are going to create all those things over here.
So we'll just go step by step so that you can have a clear understanding of how we are going to be testing
all of these using ragas.
So I have also created a simple notebook file over here for our testing in this particular lecture.
So testing a rag based system with the LLM being an evaluator.
So I have added this file, this line of code which is required, as you know already.
And now I'm gonna add a few more details over here.
So basically I'm going to be using, as I told you, the chroma DB and the Allama embedding, which
we were using earlier in our other sections for the embedding as well as for the vector store.
So I'm going to do the exact same thing over here.
So let me just copy this code from here and let's do this.
I'm going to put a probably markdown over here.
And I'm going to say embedding.
And this embedding is going to be these lines of code.
And I'm going to use the same Allama 3.2 latest model.
Let me open the Allama.
And now let's try to run this.
All right.
So embedding is done.
And now I'm also going to create the vector stores over here.
but the vector stores, I don't really have to create, like how I have created over here, because
I'm going to be creating the vector stores in such a way that I'm just going to need this chroma import.
But the document I'm going to create the entire document structure this time.
That is the idea over here.
So I'm going to probably import in the same line over here.
There we go.
And here I'm going to create the the document structure as I was telling.
So what is the data and document structure like I'm going to do is I'm going to say from Lang chain
of doc store.
And I'm going to create the document and I'm going to import the documents over here.
Right.
And then I'm going to create a docs.
So you will notice that this is an array of document that I'm creating.
So basically this is a multi shot sample test that we are going to be doing in ragas.
That's the reason why I wanted to create this over here.
And I'm going to create the document with um with It's probably a page content.
And the page content is equal to.
I'm going to write a series of content here, like playwright is a modern web automation testing tool
and selenium is widely used, something like that.
So I wanted to create a sample details which is going to look something like this.
I don't want to write that, so I'm just going to copy paste it.
So you see that the playwright is a modern automation library for end to end testing.
It supports multiple browsers like Chrome, Firefox and WebKit.
This is one of the document.
Similarly, selenium is widely used open source framework for web automation, supporting multiple programming
languages and browsers.
So I'm adding all the tool details over here.
I'm also saying some more details like playwright allows network interception, headless execution and
tracing for debugging, complex web applications and all those features I'm just adding over here.
So these are the documents.
I mean, you can keep on adding any number of document.
But just for this simple ragas evaluation testing I want to keep things simple over here.
Right.
These are the documents that I have got, and you see that the document structure is pretty much the
same structure, like how we do with the vector stores which stores the document.
That's the whole idea over here.
And I want to create some questions here.
So this is the question that we are going to ask to infer uh, during the evaluation purpose.
Look at that already.
This I is writing.
And the questions I have also prepared, which I'm going to be pasting it over here so you can see that.
So what is the playwright what is playwright and what browsers does it supports.
So mainly I'm expecting the response from the vector stores will be like playwright is a modern automation
library for automation testing.
Uh, multiple browsers like Chrome, Firefox and WebKit.
That is the knowledge that it has got.
So it should give me when I ask what is the playwright and what browser does it support?
It should give me the the details like it supports Chrome, Firefox and WebKit.
So similarly, if I ask the selenium question over here, it should give me this answer.
As you can see over here.
So it's pretty much like a 1 to 1 match that I have added.
But you can add any number of questions over here, maybe like a follow up questions, and maybe based
on the number of datas that you have got, these things will change.
But you'll notice that there are 12345671234567.
So totally, exactly one on one match that I have made for documents as well as with the questions,
so that it always matches as expected.
And we we will see if the the response coming up from this particular vector store is actually matching
with both of them or not.
And the similarities that we are going to match is exactly evaluated using the ragas.
All right.
So this is the document that I have created over here.
And the next one is the vector store that I wanted to create.
So in order for me to create the vector stores it's also very, very simple.
I'm going to say vector stores is equal to.
And I'm going to call our Croma database.
And I'm going to import from documents.
This time Uh, I'm just going to say docs, which we already have over here, this array.
And I'm going to pass the embedding, which is the embedding that I have created over here.
So this is going to create the vector stores for us.
That's all.
So hope you got the idea like what we are trying to do over here.
So this is the prerequisite setup that I wanted to make.
Uh, pretty much like the rack system that we have built already, this kind of setup.
Right now, we need to do a few more things.
We need to add the retriever.
And we also need to check, um, with the retrieval, uh, QA for that matter, to see how we can retrieve
the data.
If you remember, we tried doing that as well, uh, in our last section using the retrieval QA and
to retrieve the document, this one.
So we are going to do this one as well.
Uh, this time, instead of writing our own manual steps of doing it, uh, I'm going to use the retrieval
QA to verify to retrieve the data out from the, uh, from the chain.